no it's something there it is it's an
easy name and it's a very I know this
person you're going to love him picking
up for max Thomas what's up you ever
open the fridge grab a carton of orange
juice lifted with way too much force
because he swore up be heavier because
the last fucker drank it only left half
an eye droppers matter juice in the
bottom of the container because they
don't want to go through the oh so
painful process of throwing the bottle
away top it off they didn't even screw
the cap one correctly there is no way to
justify being that lazy even if I was
rooming with Christopher Reeve and he
did that I tell him to get his lazy
fucking with a last night it was little
tiny chair into fucking fix it ok so you
grab the bottle Marchese if I can smash
them to the root of the fridge it
explodes all over you and you're left
standing there have you proud of your
newfound incredible strength the other
have to be thirsty and depressed as
you're covered in a sticky orange fluid
looking like big bird just broke into
your house and ejaculated all over you
it's things like this that make my
everyday life a little more interesting
than the average person's for example i
was driving yesterday and I saw a
daycare center called touching the
future
now I don't know what parents are right
my buddies are children there but I got
me thinking I should start a
prostitution service for pedophiles
where I'm playing midgets and dress them
up in Boy Scout outfit as Catholic
school children little league soccer
players and girls pets cookies not
included and altar boys then just for
irony you can have your midget dressed
as a priest it'll be called less arrest
and more molest and escort service now
you can only imagine how weird this joke
goes for me because I actually go on
google images and strip-searched shit
like pedophile love and children's
outfits and I was pleasant I remember
him when they're all too little kitties
like seven or eight we were never a
little childhood friend of the opposite
sex come over and you would stay plastic
toy have some stare at each other oh my
god penis vagina then a pre-adolescent
innocent curious Missy would strip down
and stare at each other's nakedness
without any actual sexual thoughts about
the entire thing well my childhood
friend of cameras name was Henry no
Henry wasn't actually a guy but he
wasn't a girl either Henry was a 45 year
old and halfway done with his sex change
needless to say I was confused as shit
and so was my mother when she was uh it
was not pleasant she told me to go to my
room and told Henry to try back when I
had more free time would take science
bitch
I was when i'm home alone i stare myself
in the mirror type of raging erection
which I then mean green and called
greenness The Incredible Hulk go
rampaging about the entire house not
being over plastic cup pyramids and
doing other seeming an incredible feats
of strength one time I got so into it
that I actually put little finger puppet
clothes on him before my rituals so that
they could rip and fly off in an epic
manner yoooo probably don't even
understand what I'm all about everybody
and some dude is all fucked up because
he played tickle pickle with his uncle
when he was just a wee little lad it's
not the case if you really look close
enough you all just see that I'm trying
to solve the world's problems for
example our president needs to chill out
with this illegal immigration business
sit back and then a real professional
step in that's me now I'm not going to
pretend that this perfect solution took
me weeks to construct the truth is that
when you're stuck up in a tree for hours
waiting for the firefighters to coax it
out it was a pretty interesting shit
here's my plan since all the illegal
immigrants Mexicans are like to call
them are simply hopping into the river
and swimming over the border into the
United States we just need it to form a
little bit what we need to do is dig a
channel from the end of the Rio Grande
and all the way up into Canada so as
little Mexican bastards would simply hop
in the river and so up into the land of
those half English have faggoty French
fuckers problem solved
now i feel like i can get away with that
joke because I'm Jewish but I look
mexican okay okay maybe I'll look to
Mexican right now but believe me wearing
a white wife beater and planting trees I
look exactly like no it isn't alright
guys I gotta get out of here but I will
leave you all with one little tiny final
thought before I go imagine how screwed
II must be if you're an Arab woman and
you ugly guys all right thank you guys
coming
you